Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 
I expect it to print both of the phrases onto the screen
Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 
it did as I had predicted
What do you think the program did with what you typed?
I think it saved my response in the folder location


Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 
it has an extra line of code
What do you think the color = input() will do? 
it will make the text the color I have provided
Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?
No, it simply displayed my answer into the next line


Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
it has a correct and incorrect answer for the question
What is happening on lines 11–14? 
Its showing the responses to what answer is provided to it
Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 
because they are reactionary reponses to the specific inputs
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 
it still says incorrect
What does this tell you about "color"?
it needs to be a specific niput to be correct


Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
it allows for the response to be correct whether or not the word red is capitalized
What problem is this trying to solve? 
the problem of a overly specific input to have a correct response 
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?
It still says incorrect


Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 
allow for an all lower case red to be a correct answer
What problem is it trying to solve? 
allowing for a broader range of correct answers
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?
is results in an incorrect response


Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 
it has an added 'strip' string
What would you guess .strip() is doing? 
it is singling out the text versus any extra spacing in the answer
Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?
there doesnt seem to be a way unless you add extra characters to accompany the word red


Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 
it has a third reponse to the question being answered
What is the purpose of line 11? 
it defines specific peramiters for the rest of the possible answers and responses
Run the program and answer the question.



Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 
Im not sure exactly
Why are lines 12–19 indented? 
they are all reactionary to the line 11 string
Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 
it would possibly change the possibly list of answers
Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.



Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 
it sht esame as the previous main8 with the while statement
What is the purpose of “count”? 
to show how many attempts have gone to answer the question
What is happening on line 22? 
it shows the end count to the person answering the question
Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit? I wasnt sure what each line was doing